Clarify policy for Release Manager Selection (#28)
php/policies: release-process.rst

 Release managers selection
****************************

The release manager team for each PHP version MUST consist of two hands-on
release managers and one hands-off release manager. Hands-on release managers
perform the actual release manager work as outlined above, in particular they
make the actual releases, usually alternating for every patch release, and are

> the main contact in case of questions regarding to and issues with the PHP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the main contact in case of questions or issues with the PHP
```
"questions regarding to" is incorrect grammar.

Author: @theodorejb Vote was for a specific version, that's why I didn't include the fixes. Can you send a separate PR?

> main contact in case of questions regarding to and issues with an release. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
main contact in case of questions regarding to and issues with a release. The
```

version they are responsible for. The hands-off release manager advises the
hands-on release managers, helps resolve disagreements between the hands-on

> release managers as a “tie-breaker” and steps in if one of the hands-on release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release managers as a “tie-breaker”, and steps in if one of the hands-on release
```

The hands-off release manager MUST be a veteran release manager, meaning they
MUST have previously served as a release manager. The hands-off release manager

> SHOULD be a hands-on release manager of a currently supported PHP version. It is

Reviewer 2: "of a currently supported PHP version" as of when? I assume this is "as of selection and/or GA", but we should be clear

Author: This is identical, because the support expires at the end of a calendar year and both selection and GA is happening in the same year. I'm noting though that I explicitly mentioned “including the pre-release period” further below.

> customary that a hands-on release manager of the immediately preceding PHP

Reviewer 2: having both "preceding" and "following" here makes it seem like 3 different versions are being discussed - maybe

> It is customary that a hands-on release manager of the previous PHP version volunteer as the hands-off release manager for the current version.

?

Author: Good point. I went with 0766962554bb8dddfd00d94bf98ee2fb26e8a2e4, because I also find the “current” ambiguous in your suggestion.

version volunteers as the hands-off release manager for the following PHP

> version.

Author: ```suggestion
customary that a hands-on release manager of the most recent PHP
version volunteers as the hands-off release manager for the upcoming PHP
version.
```
